now chef at I the son of mater Lee get
now chef at I the son of mater Lee get alive the son of passion jou cow the son
alive the son of passion jou cow the son
alive the son of passion jou cow the son of shil Amaya and pusher the son of
of shil Amaya and pusher the son of
of shil Amaya and pusher the son of malkia heard the words that Jeremiah had
malkia heard the words that Jeremiah had
malkia heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken to all the people God says the
spoken to all the people God says the
spoken to all the people God says the Lord he who remains in the city shall
Lord he who remains in the city shall
Lord he who remains in the city shall die by the sword by famine and by
die by the sword by famine and by
die by the sword by famine and by pestilence but he who goes over to the
pestilence but he who goes over to the
pestilence but he who goes over to the Chaldeans shall live his life shall be
Chaldeans shall live his life shall be
Chaldeans shall live his life shall be as a prize to him and he shall live thus
as a prize to him and he shall live thus
as a prize to him and he shall live thus says the Lord this city shall surely be
says the Lord this city shall surely be
says the Lord this city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of
given into the hand of the king of
given into the hand of the king of babylons army which shall take it there
babylons army which shall take it there
babylons army which shall take it there for the princes said to the king please
for the princes said to the king please
for the princes said to the king please let this man be put to death for thus he
let this man be put to death for thus he
let this man be put to death for thus he weakens the hands of the men of war who
weakens the hands of the men of war who
weakens the hands of the men of war who remain in this city and the hands of all
remain in this city and the hands of all
remain in this city and the hands of all the people by speaking such words to
the people by speaking such words to
the people by speaking such words to them for this man does not seek the
them for this man does not seek the
them for this man does not seek the welfare of this people but they are harm
welfare of this people but they are harm
welfare of this people but they are harm then Zedekiah the King said look he is
then Zedekiah the King said look he is
then Zedekiah the King said look he is in your hand for the King can do nothing
in your hand for the King can do nothing
in your hand for the King can do nothing against you so they took Jeremiah and
against you so they took Jeremiah and
against you so they took Jeremiah and cast him into the dungeon of Malachi the
cast him into the dungeon of Malachi the
cast him into the dungeon of Malachi the king's son which was in the court of the
king's son which was in the court of the
king's son which was in the court of the prison and they let Jeremiah down with
prison and they let Jeremiah down with
prison and they let Jeremiah down with Brooks and in the dungeon there was no
Brooks and in the dungeon there was no
Brooks and in the dungeon there was no water
water
water admire so Jeremiah sank in the mire now
admire so Jeremiah sank in the mire now
admire so Jeremiah sank in the mire now II bet Mallick the Ethiopia one of the
II bet Mallick the Ethiopia one of the
II bet Mallick the Ethiopia one of the eunuchs who was in the king's house
eunuchs who was in the king's house
eunuchs who was in the king's house heard that they had put Jeremiah in the
heard that they had put Jeremiah in the
heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon when the King was sitting at the
dungeon when the King was sitting at the
dungeon when the King was sitting at the gate of Benjamin II bed Melek went out
gate of Benjamin II bed Melek went out
gate of Benjamin II bed Melek went out of the king's house and spoke to the
of the king's house and spoke to the
of the king's house and spoke to the king
king
king [Music]
[Music]
[Music] my lord the king these men have done
my lord the king these men have done
my lord the king these men have done evil in all that they have done to
evil in all that they have done to
evil in all that they have done to jeremiah the prophet whom they have cast
jeremiah the prophet whom they have cast
jeremiah the prophet whom they have cast into the dungeon and he is likely to die
into the dungeon and he is likely to die
into the dungeon and he is likely to die from hunger in the place where he is for
from hunger in the place where he is for
from hunger in the place where he is for there is no more bread in the city and
there is no more bread in the city and
there is no more bread in the city and the king commanded ebed Malik the youth
the king commanded ebed Malik the youth
the king commanded ebed Malik the youth European take from here 30 men with you
European take from here 30 men with you
European take from here 30 men with you and lift jeremiah the prophet out of the
and lift jeremiah the prophet out of the
and lift jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon before he dies
dungeon before he dies
dungeon before he dies so Abed Milic took the men with him and
so Abed Milic took the men with him and
so Abed Milic took the men with him and went into the house of the King under
went into the house of the King under
went into the house of the King under the Treasury and took them their old
the Treasury and took them their old
the Treasury and took them their old clothes and old rags and let them down
clothes and old rags and let them down
clothes and old rags and let them down by ropes into the dungeon earth to
by ropes into the dungeon earth to
by ropes into the dungeon earth to Jeremiah then he bet me lek the
Jeremiah then he bet me lek the
Jeremiah then he bet me lek the ethiopian said to Jeremiah please put
ethiopian said to Jeremiah please put
ethiopian said to Jeremiah please put these old clothes and rags under your
these old clothes and rags under your
these old clothes and rags under your armpits under the ropes and jeremiah did
armpits under the ropes and jeremiah did
armpits under the ropes and jeremiah did sir so they pulled up and lifted him
sir so they pulled up and lifted him
sir so they pulled up and lifted him after the - Jeremiah remained in the
after the - Jeremiah remained in the
after the - Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison then Zedekiah the
court of the prison then Zedekiah the
court of the prison then Zedekiah the king sent and had jeremiah the prophet
king sent and had jeremiah the prophet
king sent and had jeremiah the prophet brought to him at the third entrance of
brought to him at the third entrance of
brought to him at the third entrance of the house of the Lord and the king said
the house of the Lord and the king said
the house of the Lord and the king said to Jeremiah I will ask you something
to Jeremiah I will ask you something
to Jeremiah I will ask you something hide nothing from me if I declare it to
hide nothing from me if I declare it to
hide nothing from me if I declare it to you
you
you will you not surely put me to death and
will you not surely put me to death and
will you not surely put me to death and if I give you advice you will not listen
if I give you advice you will not listen
if I give you advice you will not listen to me
to me
to me so Zedekiah the King swore secretly to
so Zedekiah the King swore secretly to
so Zedekiah the King swore secretly to Jeremiah as the Lord lives who made our
Jeremiah as the Lord lives who made our
Jeremiah as the Lord lives who made our very souls I will not put you to death
very souls I will not put you to death
very souls I will not put you to death nor will I give you into the hand of
nor will I give you into the hand of
nor will I give you into the hand of these men who seek your life thus says
these men who seek your life thus says
these men who seek your life thus says the Lord the God of hosts the God of
the Lord the God of hosts the God of
the Lord the God of hosts the God of Israel
Israel
Israel if you surely surrender to the king of
if you surely surrender to the king of
if you surely surrender to the king of babylons princes then your soul shall
babylons princes then your soul shall
babylons princes then your soul shall live the city shall not be burned with
live the city shall not be burned with
live the city shall not be burned with fire and you and your house shall live
fire and you and your house shall live
fire and you and your house shall live but if you do not surrender to the king
but if you do not surrender to the king
but if you do not surrender to the king of babylons Prince's then this city
of babylons Prince's then this city
of babylons Prince's then this city shall be given into the hand of Italians
shall be given into the hand of Italians
shall be given into the hand of Italians they shall burn it with fire and you
they shall burn it with fire and you
they shall burn it with fire and you shall not escape from their hand I am
shall not escape from their hand I am
shall not escape from their hand I am afraid of the Jews who have defected to
afraid of the Jews who have defected to
afraid of the Jews who have defected to the Chaldeans lest they deliver me into
the Chaldeans lest they deliver me into
the Chaldeans lest they deliver me into their hand and they abuse me they shall
their hand and they abuse me they shall
their hand and they abuse me they shall not deliver you please obey the voice of
not deliver you please obey the voice of
not deliver you please obey the voice of the Lord which I speak to you so it
the Lord which I speak to you so it
the Lord which I speak to you so it shall be well with you and your soul
shall be well with you and your soul
shall be well with you and your soul shall live but if you refuse to
shall live but if you refuse to
shall live but if you refuse to surrender this is the word that the Lord
surrender this is the word that the Lord
surrender this is the word that the Lord has shown me now behold all the women
has shown me now behold all the women
has shown me now behold all the women who are left in the king of Judah's
who are left in the king of Judah's
who are left in the king of Judah's house shall be surrendered to the king
house shall be surrendered to the king
house shall be surrendered to the king of babylons princes and those women
of babylons princes and those women
of babylons princes and those women shall say your close friends have set
shall say your close friends have set
shall say your close friends have set upon you and prevailed against you your
upon you and prevailed against you your
upon you and prevailed against you your feet have sunk in the mire
feet have sunk in the mire
feet have sunk in the mire and they are turned away again so they
and they are turned away again so they
and they are turned away again so they shall surrender all your wives and
shall surrender all your wives and
shall surrender all your wives and children to the Chaldeans you shall not
children to the Chaldeans you shall not
children to the Chaldeans you shall not escape from their hand but shall be
escape from their hand but shall be
escape from their hand but shall be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon
taken by the hand of the king of Babylon
taken by the hand of the king of Babylon and you shall cause this city to be
and you shall cause this city to be
and you shall cause this city to be burned with fire let no one know of
burned with fire let no one know of
burned with fire let no one know of these words and you shall not die but if
these words and you shall not die but if
these words and you shall not die but if the Prince is here that I have talked
the Prince is here that I have talked
the Prince is here that I have talked with you and they come to you and say to
with you and they come to you and say to
with you and they come to you and say to you declare to us now what you have said
you declare to us now what you have said
you declare to us now what you have said to the king and also what the King said
to the king and also what the King said
to the king and also what the King said to you do not hide it from us and we
to you do not hide it from us and we
to you do not hide it from us and we will not put you to death then you shall
will not put you to death then you shall
will not put you to death then you shall say to them I presented my request
say to them I presented my request
say to them I presented my request before the king that he would not make
before the king that he would not make
before the king that he would not make me return to Jonathan's house to die
me return to Jonathan's house to die
me return to Jonathan's house to die then all the princes came to Jeremiah
then all the princes came to Jeremiah
then all the princes came to Jeremiah and asked him and he told them according
and asked him and he told them according
and asked him and he told them according to all these words that the King had
to all these words that the King had
to all these words that the King had commanded so they stopped speaking with
commanded so they stopped speaking with
commanded so they stopped speaking with him for the conversation had not been
him for the conversation had not been
him for the conversation had not been heard now Jeremiah remained in the court
heard now Jeremiah remained in the court
heard now Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison until the day that
of the prison until the day that
of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken and he was there
Jerusalem was taken and he was there
Jerusalem was taken and he was there when Jerusalem was to
when Jerusalem was to
when Jerusalem was to [Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] you
you
you [Music]